Documentation (#13)
blegouix/SimiLie: docs/About.md

# About {#mainpage}
<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 Baptiste Legouix
SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0
-->

> SimiLie (aka. Simulation in Lie groups) aims to extent the capabilities of DDC to offer a complete toolkit able to address any physical problem from classical field theory on a manifold (in particular, mechanics, electromagnetism and general relativity).

Author: ```suggestion
SimiLie (aka. Simulation in Lie groups) aims to extent the capabilities of DDC to offer a complete toolkit able to address any physical problem from covariant classical field theory (in particular: mechanics, electromagnetism and general relativity).
```
